_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Initial commit. Beginning of the project.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Postdoctoral researcher, ICube laboratory, Strasbourg, France

profile:
  align: right
  image: personnal_photo.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>52 route d'altenheim</p>
    <p>67100, Strasbourg, France</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---



I am a post-doctoral researcher with a passion `for soft robotics`, `mechatronics`, and `generative design`, particularly in integrating learning-based models to advance robotic systems. I earned my Ph.D. from the University of Strasbourg, where I focused on designing and manufacturing pneumatic soft robots. My research led to the development of a genetic algorithm, accelerated by deep learning, that optimizes the inner structure of soft pneumatic actuators using Bézier curves and Gaussian control points. I also built an instrumented additive manufacturing platform for silicone, incorporating laser profilometry to monitor production in real time and detect issues like dimensional errors or structural failures. My work has been published in journals such as [IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10232371) and [Additive Manufacturing](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214860425001435), and I’ve had the opportunity to present my findings at international conferences, including ICRA 2024.

My academic background includes a double bachelor’s degree in engineering science and electronics, followed by a master’s degree in complex systems engineering, both from the École Normale Supérieure of Rennes, France. I also achieved a top-five national ranking in France’s *Agrégation* exam in industrial science. With over 200 hours of teaching experience, I’ve led courses in `industrial computing`, `mechatronics`, and `robotics` for both undergraduate and graduate students. Currently, I’m contributing to the LABCOM Lasersurf project at IHU Strasbourg, where I specialize in supervising femtosecond laser texturing processes for large, non-planar surfaces. My expertise spans `robotics`, `AI-driven design`, and `advanced manufacturing`, and I’m proficient in tools like `SolidWorks`, `Creo`, `Python`, `ROS2`, `C++`, and `TensorFlow`. I’m committed to pushing the boundaries of innovation in soft robotics and additive manufacturing.


<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.-->
